Welcome once again to the Double Tree Sweetwater in Extended Stay Hotel here at the Hayward
Theater.
Now it's Dynasty Typewriter.
Once again, very happy to announce to all y'all that Harmontown is now in session.
Sorry for the late start, but let's make it up for it with our Game Master Spencer
Krippenden.
Oh yeah.
Everybody say, oh yeah.
Let's bring out the mayor of Harmontown, Dan Harmon.
Dan Harmon!
Thank you!
Yo, yo, yo, yo, rapping perfunctorily, rapping is perfuntural to me, rapping is just a thing
you see when you come out of the top of the show, it's like pee, it comes out of your
dick, and goes on the floor, and then you rap a lot more, and then you want to rap less,
you're a victim of your own rapping gimmick.
Just look at your phone and try to get through it, no one's forcing you to rap, you know.
I'm not in charge of this, this is Zach and the booth is running this, I don't have the
button on this.
I know, I'm not just looking at my notes, listening to my inner monologue, no one's
forcing you to rap, you don't have to do it.
I forgot my water, I'll be right back.
What are you afraid of, are you afraid to start the show by just looking at people and
being in the moment, and engaging, yes, my name is MC fear, I don't want to be here,
the world's falling apart.
I should either commit to a rap at the top of the show, or I should just say thank you
very much and proceed right now, I don't know what I'm doing, we're just on our third weekend
back in our honeymoon with the live audience, so I don't know what I'm doing, feeling it
out, I don't know how to start a show.
We're trying to get the audio dialed in for the home listener and everything.
If anyone, here's me talking, I think I've mentioned it before, I have a bad thing in
my throat, so if I sound weird, that's why.
You're going to get a vocal therapy surgery soon.
I am, I'm going to have a little surgery and take a little polyp off of my vocal fold.
And then I can't talk for two weeks, isn't that going to be exciting for my girlfriend?
But don't worry, I already got an app, I'm already working on replacing you.
See Dan, as a good friend, I was thinking I'll get a little chalkboard, like Beethoven
and write things down, and the doctor gave me a little button that I can wear that says
I'm going through, like what was I saying, like, no talking, I can't talk, I'm going
through like the thing and vocal rest, yes.
And so with Dan, because he's a techno genius, instantly got to work to help his good friend
out.
Hey everybody, how are you doing tonight?
You can put other phrases in there.
Yeah, we're talking about maybe like some fan out there, something that could just make
me like a big file of MP3s of some of my favorite phrases, and I could just come out here and
just DJ my own inimical sense of wit and wisdom.
We already knew we had to put this one in here.
It's 9-Eleven.
Do I have to be British?
And then of course, my favorite.
Dan, that sounds like you should do a rap.
I can't really understand him.
He said, Dan, that sounds like you should do a rap.
How's work life going, Dan?
That's good.
I'm just writing, I'm just trying to get done with this thing, and I just want to kill myself.
But it's probably for the best, because it keeps me up on the Twitter for the most part,
and that's a mess, and I'm having a good time at Rick and Morty, we're back in the writer's
room, sorry.
How far into the 70 episodes are you so far?
We're just brainstorming, you know, like stuff.
Let's see.
Well, here's from my notes.
So there's this button.
Did I talk about this last time?
I don't believe so.
How do you know?
Oh, because I said there's a button.
Okay.
I mean, we talk about buttons all the time.
How do you know?
There's a crosswalk button, if I mentioned this crosswalk button, when we were working
at Rick and Morty in the old Burbank offices, and there was this beeping sound that would
happen all the time, that I always thought was a frenetic version of, a weirdly arrhythmic
version of some kind of hearing impaired or visually impaired, I guess, crosswalk audio.
Sometimes they make old cuckoo sounds, the crosswalks for the folks that can't see the
walking people pictograms, and so the light will go like cuckoo, cuckoo, which means,
I guess, walk.
They better tell them that.
I'm sure there's some, someone must coordinate with them, but I always thought, maybe, there's
some version of that because I just hear those beep, beep, beep, beep, beep, beep, beep, beep,
beep, beep, beep, beep, beep, beep, beep.
Just coming out from this window.
Beep, beep, beep, beep, beep, beep.
One time I was like, what is that?
And someone was like, that's the crosswalk.
I was like, okay, that confirms that.
Their little months go by.
No, the crosswalk, what do you mean it's the crosswalk?
It goes crazy and one day I go down there
and I'm gonna go across the street to the liquor store
and I hit the button for the crosswalk
and it goes beep and I go, you gotta be fucking kidding me.
Beep, beep, beep, beep, beep, beep, beep, beep, beep, beep, beep.
Like I'm like, that's what people are doing?
Like, wow.
Like, and then sure I go out and look out the window
and everybody starts like, beep, beep, beep, beep.
Beep, beep, beep, beep, beep, beep, beep.
I have so many questions for this person.
Like, so do you...
So you live in a society where you are fine with the fact
that this button really just doesn't work,
but you are not quite to the point
where you're gonna be Han Solo and just bound across the street.
Like because fuck that button.
Like you're like, well, the button doesn't work
and that's fucked up, but I'm gonna press it a million times.
Like, oh, it didn't work again, it didn't work again,
it didn't work again.
Like, you think the button's supposed to work instantly?
Or is it that you think it's like a slot machine kind of game
where there's a window where you snooze, you lose?
Like, I checked back in with the button
and you were touching your purse.
Fuck you, lady.
And so you're just like, I don't know when you decide.
I know someone engineered this thing
to give me the feedback of, yes, the button's been pushed,
because obviously some engineer for the city
like came back and got, guys, I know this is hard to believe,
but people are pushing this thing 8,000 times a minute.
Are you sure it's not kids just making like little EDM,
like having fun making music while they wait?
I work above this thing for years, and I'm telling,
no, it's every human being that goes to that crosswalk,
just like old, young, like whatever, like they're just like,
maybe, maybe, like, it's like this weird,
maybe it's like Jeopardy, like the person across the street
hit it first and you locked out
and you got to hit the button a bunch of times.
Yeah.
That's it, that's, that's the hardcore game show knowledge.
If you hit the Jeopardy buzzer before the little light
goes on, it says you can now answer the question.
That's why you see people hitting the button
like 1,000 times because they don't, they missed it.
If I thought that that's how the button worked,
I would not push it, I would go, I would push it once
and I would go, well, if it's gonna be like that,
fuck it, and I'd walk across the street.
And if the cop was like, you're J walking,
I'd be like, you better prove to me that that button works.
Show me how it works.
And then they'd be like, and then that would resolve it
or I get to go across the street anytime I want
and tell that happens.
Wait, do the siren a few times?
Rrr, rrr, rrr, rrr, rrr.
That's just kind of crazy.
I'm trying to layer some sweet tracks
so we can have a full song at the end of this show.
All right, well that was that thought,
I guess that kind of shit the bed.
No, there's no pressure on you.
You don't have to enjoy my thoughts.
We were like in Kansas City or St. Louis or somewhere.
And sometimes a gentle voice goes, walk.
Walk, and then that lets you know.
But there's one, he goes, stop.
If you hit the button, and it's not time for you to go,
he goes, stop.
The thing actually yells at you.
Don't, no, stop.
But I mean, don't try to walk.
No, I think they're telling you don't.
Well, yeah, they're telling you don't walk.
Yeah, but I think it doubles as.
Don't start walking.
Also, stop fucking pushing the button.
Oh, well, I don't.
Oh, you're saying they should add that.
They should go, yeah.
They should add a sound that says, hey, the button's been pushed.
You're good until an entire cycle of getting what you want
either happens or doesn't happen.
You definitely only have, think of it like an elevator.
An elevator.
I'm like a six-year-old kid.
Think about it like spaghetti.
Biscuity.
To think about it like an elevator,
I was going to say you fucking moron,
and then I found out I can't say the word elevator.
You've got 11 people waiting to cross the road,
and everyone's just standing there, chilling out.
Everyone's looking at their phones, and you're, stop.
Everybody looks up, either because you're being told
to stop what you're doing, or someone trying to cross the street,
they're going to get hit by a bus.
It's really alarming.
You've got those new buses that are silent.
There's like those completely electric silent buses.
They're just, they're going to kill everybody.
The whole point of a bus is that you can hear it coming.
That's the whole point of a bus.
Yeah.
The fact that somebody was smart enough to say,
let's put some seats in this and make some money.
You know, people ask me, Dan, you're kind of a social media
master, like I'm looking to spread my influence,
boost my signal, like, how do I get more followers?
I want to be able to use these social medias
to make a difference in the world.
And I don't have the reach that you or Joel McHale have.
I didn't accidentally get born right around the time that
would make me 30 when Twitter was invented.
So now I got a fucked up username that's 20 numbers long,
and I got two followers, and I don't know what to do.
And I say, look, here's what you do.
You just go onto Twitter, and you look for the things that
are getting retweeted by the thousands.
Oh, that got a lot of retweets.
Look at that.
People really liked reading that, and then they clicked
retweet after they saw that.
And then you click Reply to those, and then you just
argue with another person who has two followers.
If you do that for eight years, I promise you
that you will gain five followers, because you're
performing for an audience of two, and you're a fucking idiot.
Anyways, I don't understand.
It's like somebody will go, hey, I don't understand.
Why are they taking babies?
That seems bad.
And then it's like 10,000 retweets.
You know what, that person's job is kind of done.
They're not really a dragon for you to slay.
And then you just look at the responses, and people are like,
yeah, but what do you think about the ramifications of that?
Why don't you just fucking tweet it on your own thing?
Because then eight people, who do you think is reading this?
Weirdo?
Why are you arguing?
What are you climbing this person's wall and going like,
yeah, I have a thing to say about that.
Just seems kind of weird.
You always look at the number of retweets and likes that's
there.
Yeah.
Eventually I would bring you out.
Get used to it.
No, he's blowing it up.
It gets worse.
The closer you get, it gets worse.
The closer you are.
Worse.
The closer you get, it gets worse.
Grab shot, everyone.
The closer you are.
He's rolling a chair.
He's moving the stage.
The court is tangled in a chair.
He threw the chair.
He's sitting down.
It's such a good show last week.
Feel the lens?
That show was great.
You were talking to Judd Apatow.
Yeah, nobody was playing.
Hello, Dan.
Chair games.
I haven't seen you in a while now.
Yeah, I, you know.
You're looking good.
So that's going to feed back, right?
If I bring the microphone over here, isn't that?
Just don't point the mic at the thing.
Like this.
Don't shout.
I won't.
Thank you for not.
You got some kinks to work out.
That was a great thing to happen after you said we have some kinks to work out.
Oh, boy.
You know, seven ups really got to start bringing their A game.
I think, I mean, I think Sprite is winning this white soda war.
I mean, remember, remember the unculled?
They used to own the fucking airwaves, man.
Now I go into a restaurant.
You know, I said like seven up.
They say Sprite okay.
I mean, like, when's the last time you had seven up?
I mean, be serious.
That's the last time anybody had seven up at a place of business.
You know, they really, I mean, they just, they backed off.
It's tortoise in the hair.
You know, they were just like, what are they going to do?
Okay, slice.
All right.
Yeah.
You're going to try to take us down.
You're going to try to take down the uncooler.
We got the red dot with the sunglasses, man.
You're going to try to take us.
Okay, fine.
Whatever.
And they're hanging out and Sprite just is like slow and steady.
Wait, when's the race, man?
And they fucking, they took it over.
They took it over.
It's gone.
It's all over with, man.
What are they doing?
What are you fucking doing, seven up?
Get in the game.
Fucking start ideas.
Give me ideas, seven up.
What happened to your campaign?
What?
I mean, Jesus fucking Christ.
Don't you care?
I mean, like really?
I mean, God, damn it.
I'm not, I'm not alone here with this.
Right?
Cause I used to be a big bubble up guy.
See?
Yeah.
Where are they?
You don't hear them anymore.
Seven up is going bubble up pretty soon, man.
Is that the name of a, also a Sprite alternative bubble up?
Yeah, from like the 1940s, 1948, I think.
There's a song, there's a song with bubble up in it.
Rainbow stew and a silver spoon.
Think what you're saying is seven up used to be,
used to own the market because there were these.
They used to be the Coca Cola.
The uncola alternative.
Right.
The uncola.
Crisp and clean.
No caffeine.
Right?
Yeah.
They had the steel vagina guy in the fucking commercial.
Steel vagina.
They had him locked.
Yep.
It's like Jim Henson.
He dies and now the company's done.
Yeah, there must have been some Steve Jobs of seven up.
I think they didn't Sprite get bought by Coca Cola.
I don't know.
It seems, I don't know.
I mean, I just, you know, I mean, like you kids know about seven up, right?
Anyone?
I mean, I don't know.
It could be something, something people don't know about.
Well, our first guest.
What about you, Spencer?
I'm not finished.
Spencer, what is your opinion?
Oh.
Why do you have drawers in front of your desk?
I have to get a pencil.
I should have probably got a piece of paper first.
What's on the other side?
No, what's on, what's.
Yes.
I want this to be like an advent calendar every show we open up a new thing.
So everybody listening, you know, just like, not that I care about the free listeners.
I mean, like, I like the subscribers more, but even they sometimes listen to audio only.
And I'm saying, like, it's, you know, last week, fucking Apatow killed it.
Like, great.
I haven't listened to it.
How unattractive is the actual desk side?
That is the desk side.
I got to tell you, it's not great back here.
This is the side you want to be looking at.
It's all just shitty, like raw plywood in the back.
Yeah, it's designed to go up against the wall.
It's not like a command desk.
Are you okay?
By the way, like your Instagrams are starting to look photoshopped.
Oh, yeah, people were saying that it was that's, you know, that was those my space angles.
It turns out, you know, you can take pictures from flattering angles.
Holy shit.
You look like a goddamn pirate.
I know it's amazing.
I was upset.
I mean, happy.
You look, you look hot.
You look hot in it.
I'm getting there.
Yeah.
Let's bring out an old friend of the show.
So Boston's coming up.
We got that show.
Let's come on.
What?
You made me sit out there waiting.
I had to come in here with a fucking balloon.
With a fucking balloon.
You didn't have to.
I have to wait 15 minutes before you could bring me out.
Like a fucking, what the heck am I peddling or something like that?
I can't come out.
I'm a second class citizen.
I'm not rolling here.
I guess we'll bring Rob out.
I have no idea if you're ever going to bring me out there.
I have to come in.
Wait, you have, you have no idea?
How would you?
No idea.
You have no idea.
I have no idea.
That's fair.
Okay.
I have no idea if I'm ever going to...
James Adomian everybody.
James Adomian.
Let's bring James Adomian out.
Oh, yeah.
I was the first guest, right?
Yes.
I was hoping I didn't just accidentally steal someone's spot.
No.
I mean, don't even...
I'm not a guest.
I'm a fucking part of the show that comes out later when we get to it.
He's a phenomenon.
You could tell you could even hear me trying to...
I was trying to get you out here.
Oh, yeah.
No, I was...
I'm fine.
This guy's a friend of the show.
There's drinks back there.
I've known you since you were 19 years old.
I'm a friend of the show.
I love that shows have friends.
A friend of the show takes a friend out to the lake
and talks serious stuff.
Yeah.
Maybe that friend sometimes used to go all the way out on the lake
and then there's a single gunshot.
He was a friend of the show.
Let's keep it at that.
I know it was you, Kumail.
He'll be back.
We did not kill him.
No, we won't.
Yeah.
How are you, James Adomian?
I'm great.
I'm fantastic.
All my projects have been canceled so I have nothing to plug.
I'm free.
I'm liberated.
Thank you.
He knows Gorka.
I was actually watching.
Sometimes I'll always get like Harmontown highlights
suggested in the YouTube margins.
Wait.
You get yourself marketed to you?
Yeah.
And I swear, I don't know.
I mean, I don't know what the algorithm is because I hate myself.
That's probably it.
I don't know why I click on shit that says I'm an asshole or something.
That's like the emperor and Star Wars jolting himself with his powers.
But it's actually a really nice thing because it's been almost 300 episodes
and you're self-loathing.
You tend to just go, oh, everything's always been shit.
And then there's people out there that'll pull like little clips
and they'll go, this is an amazing moment.
And they'll give it a nice title.
And you go, yes, I will click on the first time James Adomian did Bernie Sanders
coming out of the show.
And it was here.
You debuted.
You debuted your Sanders impression.
Bernie Sanders debuted on Harmontown.
What?
At the meltdown.
And he was.
I like just that as a pull quote.
Bernie Sanders debuted on Harmontown.
And the political scene, the mess, the stage that became coded in blood
was so clean back then that you could see me not knowing.
I had asked DeMorge Brown, who's Bernie Sanders?
And he said, oh, it's that black guy that is Ben Carson.
And I was like, oh, it's Ben Carson.
So I'm introducing what I think is Ben Carson.
I don't know either of their names.
And then you come out in these wigs.
Yes, there were two wigs on the side of my head at the time.
These two really awful wigs, like Bobby pinned together both on backwards.
It was very good.
Yeah, yeah, that's how you, that's DIY.
What was the ride like?
You had a homespun version of like, I know always like, like, oh, there'll always be that feature
and variety or something about like, oh, this guy got cast on SNL.
And who little did he know that Gary Hart would become such a thing because that was one of his impressions.
But you just did it like the weekend style, like mixtape style, like turned platinum artist.
Like your Bernie Sanders became like a cottage industry that you controlled.
Yes.
And look, as all industries, I believe that the Bernie Sanders industry should be strictly regulated.
There should be no monopolies and the workers should take control of the impression itself.
Are there any little tidbits or are you tired of talking about it?
Like the ride of like, holy shit, you started, you got in the ground floor of this impression of this guy
that has become like the Tony Stark of this Marvel movie that's lasting four years.
It changed rapidly week to week.
When I started doing it, I knew and loved Bernie Sanders, but I thought I was doing an impression of someone who was doomed.
Dennis Kucinich.
So my angle was, well, I don't have a chance.
Within a week, there were these 30,000 people crowds and I was like, that's not the angle anymore.
When I first started doing it, it was like, this is the biggest crowd I've seen.
Ha, ha, ha, big laugh.
But after a while, it was like, I can't believe I'm playing a room this small.
Which must parallel his journey, I assume, if you were up here.
Yeah, I think he definitely started in a Volvo somewhere.
Whenever I see a good Volvo or an old Studebaker on the road, I'm like, that's Bernie Sanders' car.
But was there any moment that really like, where just the absurdity reached a height for you where,
because the political fervor of all of this and the fact that you're out there doing a guy,
was there anybody like, I don't know what I'm expecting to hear, someone yelling, hey, James,
and then throwing paint on you and going like, stop making fun of him, you're part of the problem,
or the opposite?
There was a couple of broken brains that thought that making fun of Bernie Sanders is not allowed,
because he's perfect, and I'm like, no, I like him.
I'm a second Bernie Sanders.
I'm trying to say the same things and get the message amplified, and also work in some more radical things,
like I got to call for the legalization of psilocybin mushrooms, which he wouldn't do,
but I was like, I'm going to do it.
Because I read a piece in New Yorker that said that your impression of him might have cost him two and a half points in the primary.
Thank you.
Was that an article, or was that like a two-person New Yorker cartoon?
Where there was like an ill-shapen therapist talking to a desk with drawers in the front.
And it was actually, it was my winning caption. That wasn't even one that had.
It was a contest.
But sometimes people thought from our advertising that it was really going to be a Trump vs. Bernie debate
when we were on the road, me and Anthony and Tamanick, and in Boston, there was a big sign on the front door that was like,
Donald Trump at Bernie Sanders will not be at the show tonight. These are comedians.
Jesus.
Because they had been getting calls, apparently.
Speaking of, yeah, his, Anthony's Trump impression, fantastic.
And was like, but everybody's like, I mean, that's a guy that's like, everybody's got a Trump impression.
Who is a Trump impression?
Have you dabbled?
You know, on the road, I do a Trump impression because I feel like I have to.
Because I went to, I was in Europe, and I'm like, the American who does impressions.
And if, like, if you don't do a Trump impression, there's like, you failed, mate.
It seems like kind of a hard impression. Like, there's a surface that's just like, beige, like George Bush gandam.
Like, you just kind of like that, like the Trump version of that would be like, I'm Donald Trump.
I don't know. I tried it.
That's it. There's a stuntedness to the vote.
But he has like a tool, he has like a, like a weird jagged toolbox of like,
Anthony Atamanic is my favorite.
He has the, he does the breathy thing.
You know, where it's just, I mean, come on.
I mostly just ape his impression and give him credit one fourth of the time.
But, but there's, there's something I love that Donald Trump speaks.
Like, he hates people from other cultures and places and races,
but he speaks English in a way that would be useful.
If you were learning English for the first time,
or if you're teaching it to someone, because he uses very simple sentences and easy words.
He's like, we used to be bad. We were so bad.
In the past, we used to be bad.
Now, here in the present, we're getting better.
We're so much getting better.
And in the future, we're going to be great.
We're going to be great. That's all three possibilities.
He's conjugating words.
It sounds like a George Carlin set too.
Like, like, like Rick Moran, this is an impression of George Carlin.
It's like, beats, beats, beats.
You want beats?
Am I on the plane?
Why are you, are you on the plane?
I'm not on the plane. I'm, the plane is grounded.
It's a low energy plane.
You got more, you want more stuff.
You're going to have stuff to put your stuff in.
Well, now you got to have stuff and put, I'm trying to do George,
George Carlin's materialist, Donald Trump, in case that's not clear.
That's what I was trying to do too, with you on the plane.
No, you did it.
And then I tried to come in and join the party and I killed it.
You have owners. You think you're free? You have owners.
I mean, come on. I'm your owner.
All right. That was a George Carlin pit. Thank you.
We're going to make a cage. It's going to hold so many babies.
So many children are going to fit in so many cages.
I like to think of them as hard cradles. They're hard cradles.
Think of them, think of them as big boy pens.
Big boy cribs.
What was that? I want to check in with Spencer for some, for some Spencer.
It's a new, it's a new segment called Spencer's Plainies.
Yeah.
Spencer's Plainies. Oh, sorry.
I was just so excited. Sorry.
Oh, okay.
Okay.
That was a weird theme.
A lot of things happened at once.
Well, I want to check, because I clicked on the thing where the White House lady was going,
like where it was like, hey, this is misinformation.
And then she's like, I watched like four minutes of it where she's like,
this is the reality of it and all this stuff.
Like for these people, like as we're all tweeting and then like being alarmed and going like,
boy, does this feel a lot like something from history books and things and all this stuff.
And then there's like, there's one chorus of counter argument, which is this,
it happened under Obama too.
And it's like such a scattering of like signals.
And I just don't know if you've parsed any of it.
Well, a good rule of thumb is everything Republicans say is a lie.
So if you start from there, no, but, but specifically, I understand that my understanding is that policy that
everyone's pointing to in bad faith to lie to people is that unaccompanied minors
found at the border without parents were detained.
So that's not good.
But I mean, you either leave a kid in the desert or you don't leave a kid.
So I mean, it's not, it's not a comparison.
Also, you know, Obama wasn't great.
He was the before Trump, a real deporter guy, but he, he got him out of the country.
He didn't keep them in concentration camps.
So it's, it's hard to really compare the two.
The thing is politicians are bad even when they're not as bad.
So Obama is bad even when he's the best president.
I know, you know, but he was.
Yeah.
So does that answer your question?
But Dan, if you're going to ask him another question, I want to take another pass at.
At a thing.
Thank God.
Yeah.
I think you owe us another.
First tee up the segment and then we cut to the graphic, you know, in the whole thing.
Right.
I haven't played the song in a long time, so I'm not sure it's perfect.
Well, there's a lot of stuff going on in the news and I can't tell my ass from a hole in the ground
and I'm too selfish and rich to really care that much.
That's when I turned to my friend Spencer for Spencer splainies.
I don't know.
Do you have the code, Senator?
This isn't ketchup.
People are dying.
No, actually, that is ketchup.
You bread raptors.
Wow, it seems like we missed an episode.
Yeah, I think I think most programs that are evil originated in some version that people
didn't realize were going to be so evil at first.
Yeah.
But Obama did not have a clean immigration policy.
It was bad.
And there were people at the time saying, hey, eventually someone's going to get a hold of this power and abuse it.
And conversely, Obama got blamed completely for the drone killings, which were very bad,
but Bush started it.
It started under Bush.
So it's like, if it's a billion bad, it's often rooted in the last guy, too.
I guess we're just paying the price for a fucking hundred years of just going, politicians,
being the price.
But we really have to, man.
We never should have got those guys off those soapboxes.
Things would have been a lot better.
We could just throw a tomato at them if they didn't like it.
They're like, hey, have you seen my baby?
Have you seen my baby?
Stop, stop.
And also, the politicians can't be picking our pockets when they get their thumbs up on their suspenders like this,
where we can see their hands.
That was why they did that.
Whatever happened to...
Whatever happened to a good old whistle stop tour?
Nothing right here.
But the fact that...
Teddy Roosevelt was the most attractive fat man.
I can imagine.
He was, like, robust.
But that memo that people are tweeting, where it's signed by sessions,
and it's, like, zero tolerance, like, here we go, that's a real thing.
That's not, like, the libs go and we're connecting these dots.
It's, like, that's the key, right?
Is that they were like, oh, let's jack it up.
Yeah, no, that's a policy change.
Yeah, no, a very explicit policy change.
And as a result, whether they intended it or not, there's, like, this wake of that motorboat
that's, like, a bunch of babies being ripped from mother's arms, and they're, like, either...
What I can't tell is if they were, like,
yeah, there's going to be babies ripped from mother's arms,
but there's going to be a certain shade of brown baby and brown arm,
and there's going to be a certain number, and we're going to keep ratcheting it up,
because there's the motorboat in the no-wake zone just going, like,
And pretty soon, it's all about that wall negotiation, right?
Is that a real, it's like.
I think that they intend to cause misery
for non-white families, mostly at the border
and at other places where they detain immigrants.
And I think there's people that want there
to be family misery.
Because they're.
To deter people from coming in, which is a nightmare.
They say that out loud.
They've said that.
Before it became controversial
because we didn't have pictures.
They were like, yeah, it's going to be great.
We'll be separating families.
And they'll be like, I don't want to separate my family.
I'm not going to come to America.
Like that was what they were saying.
This is the plan.
But now that it's actually happening,
they're like, this isn't happening.
But before it was like a political issue,
they were like, no, it'll be great.
We're going to separate families.
And that was just what they were openly saying.
You know how you compromise?
Wall of babies, they're already there.
Two birds with one stone.
It's called compromise people.
Is it a wall of white babies that are outward?
Hey, Jan, take it easy.
I think you wildly misread my points.
Now, this wall is going to be brown, brown, brown.
But is that so that's like a very grizzly.
You're talking about like a thunderdome thing
where the babies are like an example.
The picture of the cage, all these kids are in it.
You're making a thunderdome for people.
I thought maybe like healthy, white, well-fed, fat, white
babies that are like facing Mexico.
And the sign says, look, we already have so many babies.
We're using a dispenser.
And the babies are like, we love America.
Don't come in here with your baby.
I mean, I hear people say, oh, it's not
helpful to say that they're Nazis.
And I hear that.
I'm not sure where I stand on it.
But definitely, if they're like, OK, fine, fine, fine,
for sake of argument, if they're not literally Nazis,
they're at least like the bad guys from Children of Men.
And I think we're our own bad thing.
We're our own bad thing.
We've got to stop it.
Yeah.
Here's the thing.
I like to think, I think in my listenership,
if that's a word, there's probably everything but Nazis.
Maybe there's a couple, like there's probably
a little churn coming through.
Gorka could be a secret Nazi.
I saw enough Rick and Morty to tune in.
What was this cuck talking about?
But I don't know.
You could be a libertarian and listen to the show.
You could be a Republican, a fiscal log cabin Republican.
You're probably not going to go, oh, he's a big, fat, blow
hard, like I resonate with him.
Like you're welcome here.
I'm not going to shame you.
Free markets?
As you probably know, like I was the most apolitical,
like kind of like guy.
Like I was like, oh, I don't believe in politics.
I don't believe in the election.
And then it was like, the election happened.
And then it became fucking Schrab.
I fucking hate Schrab.
I hate him so much.
Fucking hate him.
You know, I said, what do you want to talk about?
Farts for an hour?
It's just you.
It's all, it's just you.
I'm trying to connect with you with the 7-Up thing.
Yeah, you're not giving Schrab enough credit
for trying to connect with you earlier.
I don't suffer the illusion that I'm supposed to be.
I never see you anymore.
Just want to have a conversation with my friends
about what's going on in my world, which
includes what's going on in other people's world.
No one's stopping you.
Yeah, you're not stopping me.
You look like a fucking dead scarecrow over there.
You're swiveling around in your chairs, rolling his eyes.
He's like, he's like mounting a thing.
He's like, you think I don't know what's going on?
You got Schrab loyalists like building in my crowd.
I know what's going on.
Perhaps the most dangerous faction of all.
He's splintering my people.
People are coming here to see you.
I see your t-shirt shop.
I saw your t-shirt shop.
I see you selling shit.
Why are you so mean?
There's so angry.
Anyways, Nazis, all I'm saying, look, Nazis,
all you got to do, because it's this faction of people
that are like, if you were to just be like,
oh, I'm going to get a swastika tattoo,
and I hate everybody that's not me and a Nazi.
How would you do that?
That's terrible.
The problem is that people that are like, whoa, whoa, whoa,
what's this Nazi talk?
I don't like that.
You know what I am?
I'm a totally intellectual, logical guy
who hates overreaction.
I'd like to exterminate overreaction
with some logical discourse.
Why do you say a Nazi all the time?
That seems really hysterical.
I'm such a logical person that's definitely not a Nazi.
I just happen to be arguing for calmness and discourse
in both sides of the thing.
And I'm like, you're a fucking closet Nazi.
You're just biding your time.
And I just say to those people.
Why are you afraid of honest debate?
Yeah, why don't you keep talking to me
about whether or not we're Nazis?
I'm just fucking exhausted already.
I'm a spoiled baby.
Can I start punching you yet?
Like, I really got so much time left.
Jesus Christ.
I like to imagine the current day.
If Hitler was here now, there would be some bunker
where he was like, we have 40,000 trolls.
We can send it Harmon.
Yes, yes.
I just say to those people, hey,
if you're really honestly for real,
you're honest about this fact.
You're going like, you know what?
We're never going to turn Nazi.
This isn't anything.
Just would you please, you know what?
We help you so much.
Would you just Google 1933 Germany?
Because you think you're going to see a description that's
going to, just do an hour of fucking research.
And if I'm wrong, you will be so much more armed
in your next argument.
You'll be able to go, there's a lot of differences here.
But I'm afraid you're going to see that everything has a ramp
and that everything starts a certain way.
And that marginalization and institutionalization of it
is like, it all takes the same form in the beginning.
And it's all very argued about.
And people are always amorphous and blurry about it.
Like, while regimes change hands and cabinets switch around
and everybody has these arguments,
and it's like the things that don't change are just
these brick on brick on brick buildings and policies
and things where people are separated
and people are alienated and people are fucked.
Yeah, and there's like a long track record
of other bad fascist dictators in other countries.
But it's not always like explicitly,
we disagree with Hitler on five things.
There's other guys.
There's Pinochet.
I would love to, I like to, this is my style.
I love to jump the gun on my Hitler comparisons.
That's just me.
I'm a gun jumper on the Hitler comparison.
I like to not wait until it's actually Hitler.
The early bird gets the Hitler.
I'd like to be wrong a couple of times.
Oops, that guy wasn't Hitler.
He just hated Jews and wanted to be senator.
Oh well, down the drain you go, anti-Semitic senator
that would have done great things for healthcare.
Fuck you, you reminded me of Hitler too early.
That's the worst thing anybody's said about me this hour.
All right, let's move into the fun things.
Rob, take it away, entertain us.
Or I'll rip you from the arms of your mother
and stick you in a fucking cage.
Why, what, what did I ever do?
Fucking entertain me, you're part of the show.
Ask me some questions.
Oh, what about transformers?
What about soda?
I like soda, I'm okay with transformers.
Hey, have you seen this with the toys
that made us on Netflix?
They did a whole Transformers, right?
A couple of them did a whole Transformers one
and you're all great about, you love Transformers, right?
And it's pretty cool, it's pretty cool,
you should check it out, you check it out.
Can you name all five DinoBots?
All five DinoBots, okay, Grimlock.
I'm so excited.
Scabies, scabies, landing strip.
First is Grimlock and then right to Scabies.
James.
Scabies was, when they formed the big thing together,
he would like layer over the skin of the big guy.
Oh man, how amazing would it be?
Slag, slag.
Scare-a-dactyl.
That's not one.
I think you're thinking of Swoop.
Swoop would be the pterodactyl.
Swoop.
Snarl.
Snarl, thank you.
Yeah, snarl.
Snarf and snarl used to hang out at craft services.
Trans-Vaginal mesh.
Did we do slag, the slag, slag is for Triceratops.
Stomp, is that the, is that the Brontosaurus?
Was he in the Broadway show inspiration?
It was Rent.
It was Grimlock and Four Ashes.
And Rent was the last.
Grimlock and Four Essence.
Grimlock was the breakout star of the DinoBots.
He was the Joan Jett.
He's kind of an interesting transformer
because his head, his robot head,
was the size of a caper and it was nestled deep
within the chest of a T-Rex
with a much larger, more majestic head.
Well, a T-Rex would have a brain the size of a P, Daniel.
All right, so there is an...
Ipsofacto.
Rob, which...
Yes.
QED.
Which...
Which three transformers do you think
you could do a passable impression of?
Oh, well, Starscream, probably.
What, James, can you do any transformers
that aren't Starscream?
Oh, you're gonna do Starscream?
Yeah, I mean...
Oh, yeah, I'll do Megatron.
Okay, okay.
Okay, and then, Dan, you'd be Grimlock.
Okay.
Okay, so let's do a little improv.
Can I get a place where three transformers might meet?
Barbecue.
At a barbecue.
Do you have any gluten-free options?
Starscream, you're embarrassing me.
If I have a wheat bun, I'm going to get brain fog.
I am the leader of the Decepticons.
I will order for you, and there will be gluten.
Why?
I'm getting a rash on my knee.
Barista will take three inner job cues.
Oh, look who's here, Grimlock.
Oh, fucky sucky.
Wow, why did you come over here?
Hey, hey, have you checked out this slime wave pornography?
Does that involve the false dicks, Starscream?
It involves fake penises that squirt jeans.
Fool.
Ah.
Grimlock likes slime wave.
Grimlock have mylon fetish.
Slime wave.
Grimlock not know that nomenclature,
but for a long time Grimlock been consuming lesbian strap on porn
in which women wear pantyhose and are shot in high definition.
Slime wave.
And also have huge artificial tongs that shoot a giant,
a transform into a tiny slime wave dick
that doesn't match the size I am as a robot.
I will hold you and shoot you.
That's sound wave, I'm sound wave.
Laserbeak, transform, mission, destruction.
No, wait, you can play.
Blaster.
Oh man, we're really taking a beating over here, Optimus.
It's a tape deck versus tape deck.
It'll be the battle of the cassette guys.
Hey, nobody calls Optimus Uncharismatic.
First we crack the shell, then we crack the nuts inside.
Oh, Optimus, well there's some crazy shit going on out there.
I'm Scatman Crothers.
I play a robot named Jazz in one of history's more embarrassing chapters.
Well I'm Ironsides and I don't see a problem with it.
Oh, as long as we can get along I think that's fine.
I'm a red state minivan, arguably the least fearsome of the Autobots.
I'm from Alabama.
I'd love to help you as a beneficiary of the coastal elite.
Can we get back to this slime wave thing?
I mean, I'm not weird if I'm into it.
Grimlock already say, love slime wave, not know it called that.
Weird name for something more beautiful than that to Grimlock.
Empowered women fucking each other with giant fake dicks.
Grimlock like look at their legs while they do it.
Starscream pull me out of Grimlock's ass.
Oh, my foot!
You fool!
And see!
I think the word fool is only ever said by a villain to another villain.
It doesn't seem like that big of an insult, but if you've been in a vocal training it really lands.
It sounds like...
Fool! You have failed to see the dangers of your hubris!
Why don't you eat all the shit?
Because I'm going to fucking when I'm large-sized.
Okay, alright.
You guys do Cobra Commander and you do Destro.
Oh, boy.
Isn't that the same two voices?
Yeah, but their status is flipped.
Cobra Commander!
Yes?
We're here in this empty void space with no other suggestion or character.
You and me!
I've got a suitcase full of props.
Here is a salamander.
Here is a pair of scissors.
Okay, alright, alright.
Freeze, freeze.
Can I get a style of movie?
Western.
Continue as a Western.
Here is a six-shooter.
That's not... that's... alright.
If you reach for it, I'll have to obey you.
I'm reaching for it.
Very well, sir.
Hi guys, it's me, Sir Pantor.
Why are you floating so high up there?
Come down here.
Why did you come down here to our level?
I just want to let you guys know I really appreciate you making me out of the DNA of six of the world's leaders.
Whatever that storyline was.
Yes!
Yes, it was Gorbachev.
Idi Amin.
I feel like it was like all of the world's conquerors were the convenient sidestepping of the world.
Get off me!
I'm 14 now, and I'm just living up in the attic room.
We always pushed you too hard at a young age.
I don't really think we need this guy here.
Excuse me, what? Sorry.
I don't think... I just... why would we have another big bad?
You know, we have... we already... the position is taken.
Because you aren't good enough. I didn't ask to be amuleted.
Float.
It could be real, you asshole.
Sepidar, Cobra Commander, the horizon, look!
The Jews, ground forces, and air forces are approaching at exactly the same speed.
Yee-haw!
From their nearby base.
Ski lift!
Lasso dick!
Megan's Law!
Broken mirror!
Go forward!
Whoo!
Shish kebab!
S'more spaghetti!
Roe butter boy!
BTK!
Power bottom!
Bernie Bro!
Gas light!
Actually...
What about...
Alright, the G.I. Joe's would have to have an internet force now.
They probably get most of their work done with bot swarms and troll farms.
Barbecue, how's it going on that troll farm?
Cobra never knew what hit him.
Are you just Southern because you're barbecue?
I don't ever heard my voice. I was more of a Transformers.
What did barbecue sound like?
I don't know.
Same as iron sights!
Vinegar, ketchup, and a gun smoke!
Alright, now do the banana splits.
I'm kidding, that's for Noah.
Spencer!
Hey guys.
G.I. Joe's base was always a nice commute away from where Cobra was.
Yeah, I pitched it.
I want to do a show that's like...
I don't want to go all the way so ironic with it that it's like Robot Chicken,
but I want to do a Mad Men level workplace comedy that goes back and forth between G.I. Joe and Cobra.
Yes, it will be comedic, but on a grounded level.
Accepting the what if of what if these organizations existed.
All the instant pressure that puts everyone under.
We're having problems with our funding!
The women in Cobra, they don't have HR.
You're not going to do bits of Cobra has HR,
but you have women that work for Cobra and they're going to be like,
I need to assert myself.
It's like Orange is the new black.
It's an issue to deal with.
There's different from the women in G.I. Joe.
Everybody's just cracking all the time.
Everybody's just going like,
here's our briefing,
and then go get on Miojo,
and then if the camera just stays behind,
and just have people just rub their eyes,
and then just have somebody come in,
and just have that music going like...
Hey, can somebody pick up my laundry?
I'm so busy right now.
There was an episode I saw as an adult, G.I. Joe,
and obviously none of it's written as comedy,
so someone had to do this without making a joke out of it.
But the Joes like crashed,
they like crash landed into the Cobra base,
and it broke through the wall,
I swear to God, into the Cobra cafeteria.
And there were all these Cobra guys with their lunch trays,
and they were like,
and it was not played for laughs,
but they had to animate it,
get it back from Korea.
Yeah, and those guys,
there's so much intermingling,
like one guy's another guy's brother,
like if you're in Cobra or G.I. Joe,
you're in a fraternal organization,
like, oh, Snowsteam,
my long lost twin,
we were separated as children by a ninja,
because he's me,
but my action figures painted differently.
Maybe the Baroness has like a valid grievance against G.I. Joe's.
They scooped my eyeball out.
I was tortured by them.
Yeah, yeah, like they're always like,
oh, so much for the compassionate left.
We never said we were left.
And I assumed we were right wing.
Everyone's left of us, Cobra!
Or are they, do they consider themselves left?
That's amazing.
That's what we need right now.
We need Cobra and G.I. Joe engaged in adult dialogue
so that the children that we are
can start to understand how fucked the world is.
Because Cobra Commander wouldn't be like,
you know, I'm kind of conservative.
Like, he wouldn't consider himself conservative.
Perhaps horseshoe theory is valid.
The extreme right and the extreme left come back to join.
Another idea lost to the ages.
Lost to the ages.
What do I got to do?
Write a crazy script and put it on Twitter and, you know,
be like, hmm, look at that.
Yeah.
That's the most promising development process.
Write a fake thing, put it on Twitter,
and then see if that works.
Ahhhh.
You like my Steve?
Ohhhh.
Shoo-bop, shoo-bop.
Let me see if I got one more thing.
Can you hold this?
James, do you want to stick around and play some deep?
Dad?
James, do you want to stick around and play a little D&D with us
to close the show?
Yes, yes, I am a...
Oh, is that the test?
I only know how to play Axis and Allies.
I'm out of my depth here.
Spencer, can we dovetail some domes in here?
What?
Can we bring James into the game here?
Yeah, no, yeah.
Which one?
Did I talk about that button?
Yeah.
Cody sent me this link to this article.
It says, the headline says,
Ohio man sentenced after attempting to seduce undercover officer
with chicken Alfredo.
And it's just an article about a guy who got,
basically, you know, he's like,
oh, is an undercover officer in a chat room
and this guy thought he was talking to a 15-year-old boy.
Oh, shit, I lost it.
Slime Wave.
And he was like, I'll be there with Slime Wave.
Slime Wave is the perfect name for a transformer.
Yes.
There's Shockwave, Soundwave.
Why not Slime Wave?
How come no one did Slime Wave?
He transforms into a dick.
Wait, let's just listen.
We're going to button this up.
This is great.
You're going to love it.
He thought he was talking to a 15-year-old boy online,
but it was actually an undercover Austin Town police officer.
He arranged to meet the officer in Austin Town.
He planned to bring lubricant,
sprite, and chicken Alfredo to the date.
I'm telling you.
Seven Up just lost another fucking...
Another customer.
Seven Up, if you're listening to this podcast,
get in the game.
You are losing.
You've been losing for a while, Seven Up.
Seven Up, you've been losing.
I know you're fascinated with these.
When you did the Pac-Man commercial back in the 90s.
They're a failing lime and soda.
They're a limited lime, and they're failing at both.
We need to put thirst first.
That's the liberal alternative?
A thirst first soda policy.
I was trying to do Trump, and you were talking sprite talk.
When our calories go low, their calories go high.
You don't want high calories.
What I love about these local news articles,
because they're usually like,
oh, this is California news, or Los Angeles news,
or the desert region outside LA news,
and then there'll be one comment.
Somebody will say, 18 hours ago,
this is footprints in the snow.
This person is not a hotspot for this person.
There was a guy underneath this article that was like,
seven days?
Geez, no wonder we got a pedophile problem.
I kept looking at him, where did he get seven days?
I don't even know what he's talking about.
It's like the ring.
Seven days, by the way,
probably would be a good...
If he means seven days in prison,
I think that would be pretty good for somebody
whose crime was like meeting a cop in a chat room
that got them to say,
I'll fuck you with some chicken alfredo.
That's all the FBI does.
They go in chat rooms and go, hey, you want to do a crime?
Yeah, my heart goes out to law enforcement agencies this.
Do you like heavy creams and sauces?
I feel like, oh, you're not going to make a headline by going,
FBI realizes that cycles of abuse are the key
and spends a bunch of money
that will only pay off in 25 years
when this generation of abused children
stops abusing the next generation.
The long headline, the long headline.
J. Edgar Hoover left a time capsule
that's going to make up for everything.
So they're just like, how do you bust a pedophile?
How do you bust them? We need a big bust.
We need a big pile of pedophilia on a table.
So then they go into chat rooms.
Like on the local news?
We recovered five compact computers.
I'm 15.
I sure would like some chicken alfredo.
I don't know what I'd do for it.
44 kilos of chicken alfredo sauce in powdered form.
It's fucking cold here.
It's fucking freezing. Are you cold?
It's good for last, right?
Yeah.
Look, in my view,
I feel that for far too long,
the top 1% of 7up has gotten
a far larger percentage of the bubbles than they deserve.
Over 60% of the bubbles available
that are carbon dioxide in the can of 7up
are going to the top 0.07 of the soda at the top of the can.
In my view, we should flatten the soda,
remove all the bubbles,
and we all get sweet lime flavored syrup.
Lemon and lime should not be...
These are public resources.
Yeah, I believe that the government...
There should be a government allotted amount of lemon and lime
and carbon dioxide,
and individual communities can do what they will.
I didn't have any dinner.
Me neither.
I had a pasta lunch.
Did you have chicken alfredo?
I had a chicken alfredo.
Was that you?
No.
Never mind.
I had an impossible burger with Joel.
Nice.
Go on.
I felt like I was supposed to feel bad about not feeding you a minute ago.
Now you're just trying to brag that you ate food with our friend.
You want to go for a baguette?
No.
Slime wave.
Okay.
I'm like a hold up in a bedroom eating protein bars,
just waiting...
Whether I die or...
Maybe it's the power trying to come back on.
Schrab's coming to Boston,
and he just told me backstage that he's fine coach.
Yeah, something like that.
That's cool.
It took me a while before I got bumped up.
You got to put it in the hours.
Yeah, that's cool.
Going to cradle con, I'm going to be doing a panel,
and I'm hoping Spencer moderates it.
Yeah, he was hoping.
Yep.
I would have gotten you a first class ticket to Boston.
I know.
Why don't we try to upgrade him?
I got to go to DC in July.
Can you help me out?
Okay, here we go.
Steve Levy, everybody!
Steve Levy.
He's on the show.
I'm hungry, too.
God damn, I've been drinking nothing but vodka.
I already booked Schrab first class to Boston and back.
Wait a second.
Well, that would make Schrab a fucking liar.
Wait, so...
I did it backstage when I found out about it.
He ate dinner. He's flying first class.
This guy doesn't even know what slime wave is.
Jack Hughes!
Oh, no!
Yeah.
Jack Hughes.
Why are you shaking your head at me?
I don't know.
Just, you know...
Thank you, sir.
Let's get out of here.
I'm sorry, Steve.
I mean, why were you flying coach in the first place?
I don't want to shame anybody.
Were you shaming him?
No, no, no.
Who would it be on?
Look at this character that's on the popcorn bag.
You love him.
Look at him.
That's Bart Simpson's cousin.
He's saying awesome pop songs.
He's saying awesome popcorn.
Look at that. That's pretty fun.
I don't expect the venue to fly him out.
I know he's my burden.
No, no, no, no.
They invited me out...
with separate of you.
And so you went over my head,
and it turned out they'll only get you coach.
No.
I didn't go over anybody's head.
Okay. What airline is it?
JetBlue.
They listen to the podcast.
No longer.
That's true, yeah.
All right. James, you understand that?
I had your druid stealth.
You understand the basic idea here, right?
No. Do I have to pretend I get it?
You're going to listen to Spencer lay down the rules
and watch the four of us make no sense out of what's going on.
Once years ago, and it was widely panned
on this very podcast,
did you make the mistake of following up
and looking at some Reddit thread or something?
Oh, no, no, no. They sent reviews to my house.
Okay.
All right, Spencer, let me know when you're ready to go
and we'll do a little recap.
Give it to me. He's not going to eat that on top of it?
I'm starving.
Fucking.
I didn't think about it.
There's probably butter on it.
Yeah, and there's probably butter on it.
You want some?
No, it's got butter on it.
No, popcorn's good for you.
But it's got whole grains, they say,
which seems like a cheat.
It's got whole grains like corn.
Like whole fucking kernels.
That's a whole grain.
That's as whole as a grain can get.
Corn doesn't seem like a grain.
It's like a bunch of fruits on a stick. It's a whole grain.
It's a whole bunch of grains.
I'm not going to write tonight.
You're going to be one of your popcorn hazes.
Blackout Popcorn, Soapy's Choice Book, and Kevin Klein.
I know you.
You'll hopped up on popcorns, won't you?
Thanks to the facts.
Are we all ready to pay attention to Spencer now?
That sounded accusatory.
It's all good.
Right, no, I know.
I didn't think you were accusing me of not being ready to be listened to.
Last time on Harmon Time, our heroes were still in that fight.
They had gotten in that fight to find Patchens,
who had gotten in way over his head.
And they did get in way over their heads, but they fought.
It was a good fight, and they basically won because...
Well, what happened?
A dwarf came out with a wiffleball bat and teleported Jeff,
who was currently a tree into a shed.
And then a bear showed up.
His name was Bernie Mac.
The fight finished when one of the guys dropped his gun,
and then someone, I think it was Steve,
cut him real bad with a sword, and he started screaming and crying.
And then a dude came back to life and was a vampire, and ran away.
Anyway, find out whether or not they'll solve the mystery.
Thank you, Spencer.
So, let's look around the room and see what the...
Has the dust settled, and we can look around.
So, Jeff, you've made it back to the guys.
You're back in the underground of this theater house.
You're in the storage room.
You're there, and James, you're playing Bernie Mac,
who's a bear that literally just showed up and can talk.
So, you could do what a bear can do.
Imagine being a bear that can talk pretty much there.
Like Country Bear Jamboree.
Except more dangerous, or the same amount of dangerous.
Didn't somebody die a long time ago at the Country Bear Jamboree in Disneyland?
Why are you looking at me?
Yeah, because it's not the D&D.
They got mauled by an animatronic bear.
It's called I-Lines. I don't want to upstage everybody,
but look at this guy over here.
He came swinging down on a porch swing,
and then just mauled them.
Okay, so we're right in this theater.
We got Bernie Mac the Bear.
You got this guy who's screaming and bleeding, kind of like a hostage.
Everyone else is dead.
But I can talk.
Hey, Carlos.
Carlos, interrogate this guy before he bleeds out.
I interrogate this guy.
Okay, how do you want to do it?
I put my foot on him.
No, I can't do that. I can't do that.
Classic criminology.
Well, can I use a form of the spell?
You know, I have, like, cure light wounds,
and I can use those to inflict wounds.
Would that be to say that I could, like,
could I use my wound-affecting energy
to kind of, like, basically, magically open and shut his wounds?
You can do that, but it would take, like,
basically the last of your magic,
because you've been casting a lot of spells today,
so you're pretty low.
Well, it should be worth it.
I'm sure it's going to be a jackpot of information.
I have the spell stabilized,
which can cause a dying creature to stabilize their condition.
So you can kill him.
I don't think we want him stabilized.
I think we're going to milk the fruit that is a man
on the cusp of both worlds.
Wow.
You exist on the threshold
of what the Church of Silver light regards as worthy.
You can make a choice,
provide us with information
that will guide the light to cleanse the world
and slip back into mortality,
or lose your grip forever and plummet
in the margins of the forgotten.
Oh, damn.
Not bad.
He goes, oh, yeah, no, okay.
What do you want?
That's crazy.
You know I just got into this because I love acting, but...
Yeah, it seems like someone's acting
like they don't have the information that we want.
Where is the gem?
I don't know what you're talking about.
No, I'm kidding, I don't say Patchens' Jump.
God damn it.
This is the part where I fail.
You can ask me questions.
I have a question.
Okay.
Am I the bear that mauled the guy?
Is that why he's been hurt?
Not that guy.
You killed the other guy.
Like, he's dead.
The guy you killed is dead.
Okay, so I was worried you were undoing my work.
Sorry.
I look through the body of the dead man.
Okay, he's already been looted by Jeff.
Okay, I look through his body.
What does that mean?
I don't look through his clothes.
I look through his body because I'm like swamp thing, alright?
So I'm gonna look inside.
Uh-huh.
Right?
Right.
What do I see?
What do you mean by look inside?
Like using extrasensory perception?
I look.
Inside his body.
Okay.
Sounds like he's...
You mean like looking inside his open wounds?
Like do you open him up?
Yeah.
His butthole?
Okay.
No.
Alright, so...
I open up his mouth and I look inside...
Okay.
His body...
Yeah.
Swamps thing style.
Right.
He looks like a person.
He learned interesting things.
And?
About humans.
That's all.
I didn't read swamp thing.
Or listen to it.
Was it a sound?
It was a sound.
The environment gets mad at people and sends Alan Moore to write something.
No, I snaky vine like down his throat and look around, you know?
Yeah.
Okay.
So the dead guy.
Yeah.
No.
He's normal.
But dead.
Okay.
Alright.
Normally dead.
Yeah.
He's entirely president of this deadness.
Nothing.
Couldn't find anything.
You guys see all that unfold.
Alright.
I'm out of ideas.
Spencer, you said I could ask you questions.
Yeah.
You know, fucking like a lifeline there and go, okay, I'm drunk when we're playing this.
I don't remember over the spans of the ages.
Right.
Who could?
We were on this case.
We traced these guys down.
We're looking for these like dragon born kind of dragon marked guys.
Right?
A little bit.
So, okay.
You came here looking for the gem.
You found that Shrove might know where the gem is.
You took Shrove hostage and he wasn't talking.
You found a tiny bit of information about a drop point, but you didn't know where the
drop point is.
Right.
Okay.
You thought Shrove could help you out, but he didn't and he fucked off.
So, then you went looking essentially for more clues and that's where you are now.
Okay.
Still trying to find that drop point.
So, here we go.
Where's Shrove?
Yeah.
There we go.
I don't know, man.
I think he was fighting the fire.
You know there's a fire happening right now?
You piece of shit.
I didn't do it.
By the power of the Silver Flame, you show no fire.
I'm complying.
What?
Well, where's Shrove?
I don't.
I think he might be fighting fires.
Okay.
One more thing though.
Just in case.
The Silver Flame is not helping with the fires that are raging.
Right.
Thank you.
I could connect those dots.
That would be fine.
What are you guys talking about?
I want to ask you one more thing.
Wait, so this is where Shrove and...
Where's the drop point?
Probably where the fire is.
Let me...
No, I don't think it is.
But it seems like the fire might get close if you don't hurry.
I'll tell you where it is.
Where it is.
It's in Boykin's Pig Farm.
What's your name?
My name is Burfboro Binkus.
Do your friends call you something shorter?
Binkus.
Sorry?
Binkus with a B.
Binkus.
Burfboro.
Do you guys smell fire?
Binkus.
Binkus?
I can't understand.
Let's just all decide to call him Binkus.
Binkus.
Is Binkus close?
It's very close.
All right, Binkus.
You lucked the fuck out by the power of the Silver Flame.
Your wounds are healed.
Oh, thanks, man.
Move on.
Tell us the name of the pig farm again.
Boykin Hodges Pig Farm and Stabulary.
Let's go.
So help me Christ, Binkus.
Once Christ is invented.
I'm scared of this fire.
It's all right, Beharney.
You can call me Orson Welles, the bear.
So help me Christ, Binkus.
If we go to that fire and it doesn't pan out for us, and yes, you have to allow for the
fact that we're inept, so it might not work out for us through no fault of your own.
We will be back and we will fuck you up.
We'll fuck up your family.
We will rip the children from your mother's arms.
And we will put them in things that we convince people aren't cages.
And if they still convinces their cages, we'll say it was Obama's idea.
Like, we can go round and round, Binkus.
I'm trying to help.
How do we get to the pig farm?
Which direction is it?
North.
Wait.
Guys, I have no direction, so I can just turn north.
It's that way.
All right.
Follow me, motherfuckers.
Am I cool to join you guys?
Yes, please.
I'm not sure if I'm loyal to your party, but it seems fun for now.
A lot of people that have no direction, you're not supposed to follow.
No one tells bear rules.
Okay, so you head outside and there is indeed a fire.
It's started by the tavern, and it's grown wildly out of control on account of the town
is protected by a big flammable wall.
It's starting to engulf the town as you head north to Boykin Hodge's pig farm, which you do.
Did we start this fire?
We didn't start the fire.
It was always burning, arguably.
Yeah.
It seems too big to have started it, but you do remember starting a fire.
It wasn't my brand of cigarettes.
You go to the pig farm.
It's like a farmhouse with a little...
No, sorry.
It's a farmhouse with a barn.
So then the barn is next to the stablery, which is like a customer-facing stablery
where you put your own horses and stuff.
And then out the back behind the barn, that's where all the pigs is.
We got to save these pigs.
The pigs are in back.
We should have asked specifically where the drop point...
Who?
Mingus.
We should have asked him.
You can ask him.
Mingus was specifically where at the pig farm.
Because a point sounds very specific.
Oh, yeah.
I'll tell you.
It's in this corner of the third pig stable.
Thank you.
Uh-oh.
Oh, Christ, Mingus, if you're lying.
Do we have to throw birds at it?
All the pigs to make them fall down?
I don't know nothing about no pig fighting.
Mingus, if you're lying, I'm going to wear your ass like a face mask.
I'm going to go for trick-or-treat as your ass.
And it's going to be one of those costumes where it's just...
Most of the attention is put into the plastic your ass face.
And then the rest is just a plastic apron with a picture of you from head to toe on it.
A lot of people will point out it's not a costume.
Would this singular hole be for your mouth or your one eye?
For one eye, probably.
I don't think Mingus wants to find out.
Okay.
Yeah, man.
I don't know.
You should talk to Boykin Hodge.
He doesn't really talk.
Hey, guys.
I don't know.
I mean, like, what are we doing here?
I'm starting to question a lot.
I mean, you guys were cool for letting me come along and we had some fun, but what are we doing?
All right, well, let's get to the...
Stick it out, Gary.
His name is Garry Shandling.
He's a Shambling Mound.
I'm a Shambling Mound.
I'm getting hungry.
Can I eat a pig?
There we go.
Yeah.
We'll incentivize Barney Mack to come along.
Let's go to the pig farm.
Third pig's pen from the left in the corner.
Drop point.
No one should be eating the pig.
They're adorable.
We got to save the pigs from the fire.
Jesus Christ.
Come on, Gary.
Back me up on this.
Let's just do one thing.
One thing right.
Until we decide, I'll just have this pig sitting in front of me with an apple and I'll be deliciously
sharpening my knife.
Let's go to the cocksuckin' pig farm.
Wait a minute.
What kind of pigs are these?
Pigs are having a real blast.
This is a different kind of pig farm.
I start wandering off just like muttering to myself.
Wait.
Are these just sex pigs?
Yes, you can do whatever you want with these pigs.
It's pretty gross.
It's a little gross.
It's a little hot.
Customers are always right.
Is there, like, what's the cutest one?
Like, what, like, where?
Charlotte.
Charlotte?
Okay.
Why is she the cutest?
Let's just go.
I go to the third pig pen.
All right.
You go back to the pig area and you see a pier almost as if supernaturally, like this crazy
old bald guy.
He looks like a really angry farmer, like an old hardworn farmer.
Sir.
He goes, are you choking?
I think we got to do the Heimlich on this guy.
You all right?
He points to his voice.
He's about to have vocal surgery.
He points to what?
He points to a big button on his chest.
He points, what?
I think, I think he doesn't, I think he can't speak.
I think he's lost the ability to speak.
He points at you while you're saying that.
He points at me.
He points at you?
While he's saying that.
I can speak?
Oh, he's pointing like bingo, like he can't speak.
Hey.
Why can't you speak?
Are you dying?
No.
He just can't speak.
Does anybody know sign language?
Are you a good person?
He nods, yeah.
He's what?
He nods.
Is this the drop point?
Yeah.
Darth Vader would nod.
He looks at you quizzically.
Do you know who Darth Vader is?
Can anyone, does anyone telepathy?
Darth Vader would nod.
Wait, well listen, we're here.
I can do sign language, but whenever I do, I accidentally slash people with my claws.
You have bad depth perception.
I'm bigger than I think.
We're here for the drop.
He just looks at you like he doesn't know what you're saying.
Have you heard of anyone named Patchens before?
He shakes his head.
No.
You have a gem?
Are you waiting for a gem?
He squints his head and he goes, no.
Are you waiting for a delivery?
He thinks like he's remembering and then he goes out around back of his house.
Hey, where are you going?
I guess we follow him.
Dude, when you said this guy appears, you don't mean like ethereally.
No, but like, he's a normal guy.
Like in those scenes where it's like a creepy guy and it's like, oh, he wasn't there.
Ah, the shadows.
Yeah.
Right, exactly.
That's exactly the trope I was trying to hit, yeah.
Well, let's fucking take this guy.
Did he walk out beckoning us to follow or he just walked out?
He was being creepy about it, so you couldn't tell.
Okay, so what's my thing where I conjure up like a light so we can see in the darkness of the pen?
Dancing lights?
Sure.
I just have light.
I can make things a torch.
Oh, yeah, okay.
So I reach out and pick up a stick.
Poof, it's a torch.
It is.
I examine the corner that he was in.
The corner he was in?
Oh, I just threw the whole pen.
Say that again.
I examine the pig pen that we discovered.
So you are following him then?
Okay.
Did he get up and leave the pig pen?
You didn't get quite to the pig pen.
Oh, okay.
We thought that we were arriving at the pig pen and meeting him.
Right.
Now he was just like, sorry if I was wrong.
Let's follow him.
Let's see where this leads.
Okay.
Follow him.
He goes around back to the pig pen and he goes and stands in front of the third one.
And he's just kind of like looking at it.
Looking in the corner.
And he goes, phew.
All right.
Well, somebody give this guy the Heimlich.
Heimlich?
You don't hang it up.
I examine, I use my light and examine the pen.
All right.
You do that.
You find an old muddy sack in the corner of the pen hidden under mud.
You love those muddy sacks.
I leap on that sack and I open it up.
Oh, shit.
You do it.
I look inside.
There's a gem.
God damn it.
We did it.
We fucking did it.
Outrageous.
We did everything wrong and it led to...
We got it.
We got Patchen's gem.
Here's Patchen's.
Truly outrageous.
What about this farmer?
Can I maul him for fun?
Well, as you say that, it seems like while everyone's excited over the gem,
he's picked up a brick and has started creeping towards you.
Outrageous.
Creeping towards us.
Yeah, with a big brick in his hand.
I'm telling you, let me maul the guy.
Ready?
Okay.
Country bear.
And then I do the bear rape in order to caprio.
And I leave him for a second and then I come back.
You don't come here for the gem drop off, do you?
Guys, do we need another monster in our group?
I mean, like, do we need one?
There's a guy with a brick.
I'm feeling unwell all of a sudden.
I cast Dazzle so we can't see.
Well, the bear attacks first.
Hold on.
I hold on to my Dazzle but I got it.
It's up here.
It's ready to go.
All right, so yeah, the Orson Welles attacks Boink and Hodge
and you just get him, you smack him in the face
and then you just bite him right in the chest
and then you just start ripping him apart
and he starts hissing and screaming and he's like
and he's screaming and his teeth are sharp
and it seems like he's a vampire.
Uh-oh.
You're eating a vampire.
Is that, I don't know how the rules work.
Does that make me contagious?
You also don't know as a bear.
Should I get a tetanus shot?
Shit, I'm a cleric. I'm a cleric. God damn it.
I'm a cleric.
I think you're out of magic now because you used it on the guy.
Yeah, but you have to have faith.
You ever see Fright Night?
That's fair.
Uh, okay, I'm out of magic.
I'm out of magic. That's fine.
I'm sure there's some passive ability to turn vampires.
What's our proximity to each other and to Blankens?
You're within 10 feet of each other.
I have a question.
When I'm a shambling mound, okay, so I'm like a plant creature.
Right?
Right.
Is there any wood in me?
Yeah, there's some woodier branches.
You see where I'm going with this?
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Okay.
I go up to him and I do one of these.
Oh, that's not, I thought.
What did you think I was going to do?
Steak in the heart. I thought a steak in the heart.
I didn't know you were going to...
There's no Jesus in this world.
We thought you were going to sacrifice one of your limbs so that we could steak him through the heart.
What are we going to wait for Christ to be born?
Oh, I'm sorry.
Okay, I did it wrong.
So we'll do it your way.
Steak, steak through the heart.
That's got to be dimensionless.
Do you have a hammer?
What?
You don't need one. It's your fists.
Just punch him.
Okay, I'll punch him with one of my stick fingers in the heart.
Aim for his heart.
Aim for his heart, stick finger.
Bear, you can hammer his elbow if that's...
All right, okay.
I honestly think we only need one monster.
I think that's a little bit turf war-ish.
Yeah, well...
I think there's...
I'm here first.
I'm not disputing that, but everybody else is being cool.
All right, okay, whatever.
Look, I eat stuff that you guys don't,
like some of your allies and other creatures.
Right, right, okay.
Can I finish what I started here?
Stick my finger in his heart.
All right, as he's being mauled by the bear,
he's pretty easy to hit with your steak fingers,
and you steak him right in the chest.
Nice.
And he explodes into dust around its skeleton.
Yeah.
Ah!
You did it!
Garry Shandling, you did it.
Aw, I was quite wanted to eat him.
Can I collect some of the dust and put it into my glass jar?
Yep, I do that.
That's probably a crafting ingredient.
You don't know.
What?
It's probably a crafting ingredient.
It's a keepsake.
It's a vampire dust.
What are you shaking your head to me?
You're made out of swamp leaves.
Hey, you know, you're made out of meat.
Okay, is that a threat?
I just want to collect some vampire dust.
Nothing says back to school like vampire dust.
Okay, well...
Guys, we did it.
We got Patchen's gem.
Where's Patchen's?
Do we know this is Patchen's gem?
What if it's just another...
Of course it's Patchen's gem.
How long since it's been...
I loot the...
To Boynkins' clothing.
You get 17 gold as well as a compass.
I split it up evenly among the five of us.
You all get three gold.
All right, we need this gem put somewhere where it will not be waylaid.
You know, while they're doing that,
I'm just going to...
Spencer, while they're doing that,
I'm just going to kind of wander out alone.
I just need to be alone for a bit.
All right.
Guys, let them go.
Just let them go.
How long is the bear going to last?
That's not a summon bear, I don't think.
I think it's the bear.
I'm going to split with my share of the gold ASAP.
Because I keep thinking like the best place to hide a gem is...
In my ass.
A bear's ass.
Like, who's ever going to rob a...
I walk away from all of this.
You know, they can argue about all that.
And I'm just going to kind of just...
I'll have you know I do shit in the woods.
I follow Garry Shandling.
I follow him.
Okay.
I don't know if he'd like that.
Well, I don't expect him to.
There needs to be a transition.
Hey, Gary.
I'm sitting on the road.
Gary.
I'm just like kind of like looking at the dirt
and playing with a rock that I found.
And I'm just like...
Yeah, what?
Killed...
Couldn't have killed that vampire without you.
Thank you.
Yeah, I know.
Help us get Patchen's gem.
It's not fun anymore.
Can you say anymore?
But this was your first adventure.
I've been doing this a long time.
It gets worse than this.
I just...
I'm just like...
I didn't let my dog out before I left the place.
Gary.
I'm just starting to worry that
this is as good as it's going to get.
I mean, I thought it would be more than this.
And it's just like we're hurting people.
I don't know.
Are we the good guys?
Or the bad guys?
Sometimes we're the bad guys.
And it often coincides with us being disunited
and confused about what we did last week.
It seems like we're always talking over each other.
Yeah, well, that's why we need the cure
to this problem is commitment to a weekly schedule
and people showing up and listening
and give and take and all this stuff.
And I know that it would be better with you, you know?
And I want to invite you...
I mean, I'm just like...
The bear is it, right?
I mean, we're going to get another...
This bear is here to plug some fucking improv show he's doing.
We don't even know.
This bear is here today.
Mind if I just pop over?
Hi.
I'm in the Sunday company at the Groundlings.
It's my last six months.
So if you could want to pop by.
I've got flyers, but they're a little claw shredded.
Look, I mean...
Karen Mariamma is my teacher.
Of course, we're going to come to your show.
Great, great, great.
Now, there's a limit.
I can only get three people.
Oh, okay.
Well, I thought I saw Adele close over there by the bushes.
Anyways, Gary, we'd love for you to continue
to be a part of our gang.
Okay, but...
I'm up inside the farmhouse trying to loot the farmhouse.
All right, all right.
Well, I could probably hang out for another day or two.
But if the bear stays, is it a deal breaker?
No, no, no.
I was like, I started, you know, like,
carving out like a niche and then all of a sudden
like all over...
I don't know, it's whatever.
I mean, it's just been rough, you know.
Like, I'm just really tired.
I need to...
I should have...
I missed...
It's fine.
It's a bunch of shit.
Don't worry about it.
You mind if I offer just to say,
if I'm passed on at the groundlings,
I probably will have to go do that anyway.
So, I mean, for me to continue being here
and bothering you, I would have to...
Not pass the Sunday company ground.
I just, you know, it's my stupid...
I'm wandering around the front room with my flashlight
just sort of like checking things out.
I grabbed Charlotte the most adorable pig
and I walk over to Gary and I'm like,
look at how cute this little pig is.
She loves you.
That's a sex pig.
Thank you for coming down here.
To MacArthur Park in Los Angeles, California.
Let's give it up for James Ajomean.
And everybody here is Zach Spencer, Chris, Sarah,
and Levy of course.
Steve Levy.
Brian and Usang and Nolan and everybody here.
Fantastic.
Steppenwolf, whatever the fuck.
Let's give it up for Rob Schrab.
Spencer Crittenden.
I'm a Comptroller, Jeff Davis.
Give it up for your mayor, Mr. Dan Harmon.
Did you get any of that?
It's a good show.